hello everyone this is Tom the reason
for this video is the new concept art
thee we're seeing right now but what I'm
going to be talking about is sort of the
news about Dark Souls 2 thus far the
only specific concept art image that I
want to comment on is this one right
here of a chariot because vehicles have
been confirmed to be in Dark Souls 2
which is radically different from
anything that we saw in Dark Souls 1 or
demon souls so that's super exciting but
other than that the things that I'm
going to cover in this video are going
to be some sparse details that have come
out about the story and gameplay of Dark
Souls 2 some different ideas about
dedicated servers and what we've heard
about those and a sort of controversy
that stemmed out of comments about
accessibility so according to an
interview of game directory tomohiro
shibuya by Famitsu magazine dark souls 2
is set in the same world as dark souls
but there's no direct story connection
so whatcha boy said is actually if the
first game was set in the North Pole
this one would be in the South Pole so
you can see that there's very little
actual connection geographically and you
know there might still be the same gods
or maybe we find out that any of the
gods from the first Dark Souls are
actually just local entities that don't
act across the entire world at all
because there was an idea that all of
that was just sort of a sham that they
had said to take power another story
detail very very sparse is that time is
one of the central themes a kind of a
driving idea for dark souls 2 which is a
bit different from anything that we've
seen before again because really time
hasn't played that much of a role in the
other games you know there's been how
far you are developing the story but
that's a little bit different it's not
like ocarina of time or certainly not
like Majora's Mask right where you need
to actually meet up with different
characters at different times in their
day but they're just going about things
based on what they do so maybe we'll be
seeing that I'm sure it would be a
darker rendition of that seeing as it is
still dark souls moving on to the
servers dark souls 2 will have dedicated
servers Dark Souls 1 did not and that
was actually a cause of a lot of the
difficulties in terms of both finding
opponents and also having lag when you
do find an opponent so I'm really
excited for those dedicated servers
simply because demons souls had a much
richer online experience than dark souls
in my my opinion and also it was all
universally connected so in Dark Souls
you couldn't necessarily just put down a
summon sign somewhere and have someone
go to it and get summoned into your
world because there was this sort of
like you only connected to some people
who were playing the game and that also
created difficulties for matchmaking
it's probably too much to hope for
legitimate like working matchmaking like
press a view no play 1v one pvp button
and within a few seconds it just matches
you up with someone like you know halo
that's probably too much to hope for but
all my word would I ever loved that and
then the last thing I want to cover is
this accessibility controversy that sort
of happened earlier from an earlier
interview with edge magazine Shibuya
started this by saying that he's the
sort of person who likes to be more
direct than subtle and that Dark Souls 2
will be more straightforward and more
understandable so there's a newer
Famitsu interview that has happened that
might help unruffle some people's
Jimmy's the old director of Dark Souls 1
Miyazaki he clarified the sort of idea
that they were getting at by saying
there's certainly a core that needs to
be protected but that there's a lot
around that cord that we need to fix or
adjust so that's something I think even
the most die-hard fans can probably
agree with if you've ever died to a dead
angle hit where you've got your shield
pointed right at the person but because
of the angle that they were facing when
they saw up swung their sordid hit you
through your shield and killed you or
you died to a laggy backstab I think you
can probably agree that there are some
issues that need to be resolved around
that core of Dark Souls that is so very
magnificent that is all that I have to
say I'm super excited for dark souls 2
it's still probably a long ways off but
I hope you guys are excited too can't
wait to get my hands on this game and I
will see you guys next time